Cameron Martinez's section:
Sept 16. Met in the Micaplex to get an overview of project from customer. 
Sept 20. Met in class, looked over datasheets, and past documentation
Sept 22. Met in the Micaplex, familiarized myself with equipment and started troubleshooting
Sept 27. Met in class, started the SRS document
Sept 29. Met with group to discuss SRS and SDS documents
October 6. Met with PHD student on the project to discuss roles. We talked about purchasing new optics and laser diode to increase power at the receiver. The plan is to install a 1 kOhm resistor on laser driver to increase the transmitted power. 
October 11. Researched plans for amplification at receiver end. I need to know more about the signal coming from the receiver in order to design an amplifier. 
October 12. Virtually met with my team to discuss Sprint 1 presentation and create power point. 
October 13. Presented to class about the project and Sprint 1.
October 21. Added 1 kOhm resistor to laser driver. This increased power output substantially. We are now able to get up to 8-10 mW. 
October 24. Spoke to PhD student working on project to figure out receiver issues. Plan to meet this week. 

Dylan Koch's section:
Sept 16. Met with the customer for overview and introduction to project and requirements.
Sept 20. Reviewed the past team's documents and provided datasheets for current equipment.
Sept 22. Began intial setup and familiarization of current project equipment. 
Sept 27. Began work on our group's current documentation for first sprint. 
Sept 29. Continued work on documentation.
Oct 6. Met with PHD students regarding the project. Established tasks, roles, and overview for the next two sprints. 
Oct 13. Presented first sprint of project to class.

Sean Huber's section:

Sep 16 - Showed up to the lab, got an introduction to the materials and working are.

Sep 22 - We realize we really have no idea what we are doing. Attempted to focus the diode but it’s clear research is needed but was able to measure 50% diode power at a few inches away.
Sep 27 – Started SDS Document outline
Oct 6 – Discussed plans for purchasing optics and new laser driver and/or laser diode to increase power to overcome the losses due to the given optics. The current plan is to install a 1K ohm resistor in the laser driver to increase the laser power to increase the delivered current from .5ma to 2.5ma.
Oct 12 – Virtual meeting on discord to discuss and complete the SDS V1 document
Oct 13 – Presented to the class sprint 1. Which contained what we had/have not accomplished
Oct 21 – Install and test of the 1K ohm resistor in the driver. With the resistor installed the diode can reach power levels of 10mw. Next is to research and order optics to focus the now intensified beam.


Dominic Steiner's section:


Jarrod Siglin's section:

16SEP - Met w/ Dr. Rojas for customer specifications
20SEP - Met in Micaplex, looked over previous team's SRS/SDS and began outline of SDS/SRS v1
27SEP - Began adding contributions to SRS/SDS documents
06OCT - Met with PhD students; determined goals for future Sprints.
12OCT - Created outline for Sprint 1 presentation, contributed to introduction section
13OCT - Presented Sprint 1 in class
21OCT - Met in Micaplex, installed 1k-ohm resistor to laster driver assembly, determined focal distance of lens, determined need for new focusing lens
27OCT - Met in Micaplex w/ PhD student to determine reason behind issues detecting provided laser

Matthew Simms' section:

Sept 15. We discussed with Dr Akbas about our initial backlog and product vision. Our main priorities are to get lab access and read Zhou Banga documents.
Sept 16. Had a meeting with Dr. Rojas and visited the lab with the equipment.
Sept 20. Met in class, looked over datasheets, and optical devices such as drivers.
Sept 22. Met in the micaplex, tested different spacings of a lens to focus our laser.
Sept 27. Met in class, started the SRS document, and I am solving equation while comparing what our equipment can safely handle.
Sept 29. Met to discuss SRS and SDS documents
October 6. Met with PHD student on the project to discuss roles. Discussed what route we should go and what components had the highest priority.
October 11. Researched different drivers and receivers for our diode. 
October 12. Had a virtual meeting to finish up powerpoint.
October 13. Presented to class about the project and Sprint 1.
October 24. Decided to meet with PHD student this week.
October 27. Met with PHD student and researched more receivers.

