Cameron Martinez's section:

Sept 16. Met in the Micaplex to get an overview of project from customer. 
Sept 20. Met in class, looked over datasheets, and past documentation
Sept 22. Met in the Micaplex, familiarized myself with equipment and started troubleshooting
Sept 27. Met in class, started the SRS document
Sept 29. Met with group to discuss SRS and SDS documents
October 6. Met with PHD student on the project to discuss roles. We talked about purchasing new optics and laser diode to increase power at the receiver. The plan is to install a 1 kOhm resistor on laser driver to increase the transmitted power. 
October 11. Researched plans for amplification at receiver end. I need to know more about the signal coming from the receiver in order to design an amplifier. 
October 12. Virtually met with my team to discuss Sprint 1 presentation and create power point. 
October 13. Presented to class about the project and Sprint 1.
October 21. Added 1 kOhm resistor to laser driver. This increased power output substantially. We are now able to get up to 8-10 mW. 
October 24. Spoke to PhD student working on project to figure out receiver issues. Plan to meet this week. 
October 25. Met to discuss and update paperwork. We talked about possible purchases.  
October 27. Met with grad student and couldn’t get receiver to work. Emailed the company about our issues and started looking at other options.  
November 1. Emailed Prof. Rojas about the issue with receiver. Assigned jobs for Test Plan.  
November 3. Met with the group. Researched a new possible receiver, and met with Prof. Rojas about ordering the new receiver. 
November 8. Met and worked on the SRS and SDS v2. 
November 15. Met to work on Sprint 2 presentation.  
November 17. Sprint 2 presentation. 
November 22.  Researched and began design for power system. 
November 29. Met at micaplex to test new receiver with lenses. Got it to work.  
December 1. The transmitter stopped working so we tried to set up a different laser driver. This one was broken last semester, so it didn’t work either.  
December 3. Spoke with group to go over SDS and SRS v3. 
December 5. I met with Phd student on a project to diagnose issues. The laser driver is definitely broken, and the diode may also be burnt.  
December 6. Met at micaplex to see if diode itself was also not functioning, and it seems its burnt.  Also, met with Prof. Rojas to go over the project so far and order a new driver and diode.  
December 7. Worked on test plan v2 and final presentation.  
December 8. Presented to class for the final presentation. 

Spring
Jan 17 - Talked with group about sprint planning and scrum master delegation. 
Jan 19 - Unable to get diode working. Discovered issue with feed cable. Reached out to PO to get new one. 
Jan 24 - Met to discuss plans moving forward. Started power system design. 
Jan 26 - Discord meeting to discussand delegate the tasks for the power/signal PCB
Jan 31 - Worked more on power system design. 
Feb. 2 - Simulated power systems. Voltage dividers and step up/step down. New feed cable came in. 
Feb. 7 - Sprint 4 presentation. 
Feb. 9 - Implemented new feed cable. Got transmitter to work. 
Feb. 14 - Met with group to discuss plans forward. Finalize power system design.
Feb. 16 - Delegated teams of two to focus on three different paths for system implementation. 



Dylan Koch's section:

Sept 16. Met with the customer for overview and introduction to project and requirements.
Sept 20. Reviewed the past team's documents and provided datasheets for current equipment.
Sept 22. Began intial setup and familiarization of current project equipment. 
Sept 27. Began work on our group's current documentation for first sprint. 
Sept 29. Continued work on documentation.
Oct 6. Met with PHD students regarding the project. Established tasks, roles, and overview for the next two sprints. 
Oct 13. Presented first sprint of project to class.
Oct 21. Soldered in the 1kOhm resistor to the laser driver. Allows for increase output power to drive the diode. 
Oct 25. Worked on second sprint documentation.  
Oct 27. Worked to diagnose the current reciever. Begun research on future recievers. 
Nov 1. Worked on Test Plan documentation
Nov 3. Further research and final decision on next reciever. 
Nov 16. Worked on Sprint 2 Demos. 
Nov 29. Installed new photodiode reciever and Raspberry Pi transmitter. Began testing modulated signals. Ended up accidentally shorting our driver and diodes.
Dec 1. Attempted to install secondary laser driver, unfortunately it was the orignial driver from the previous group, already broken. 
Dec 6. Attempted to test laser diodes with backup laser drvier. Contacted customer to purchase new equipment. 

Sean Huber's section:

Sep 16 - Showed up to the lab, got an introduction to the materials and working are.
Sep 22 - We realize we really have no idea what we are doing. Attempted to focus the diode but it’s clear research is needed but was able to measure 50% diode power at a few inches away.
Sep 27 – Started SDS Document outline
Oct 6 – Discussed plans for purchasing optics and new laser driver and/or laser diode to increase power to overcome the losses due to the given optics. The current plan is to install a 1K ohm resistor in the laser driver to increase the laser power to increase the delivered current from .5ma to 2.5ma.
Oct 12 – Virtual meeting on discord to discuss and complete the SDS V1 document
Oct 13 – Presented to the class sprint 1. Which contained what we had/have not accomplished
Oct 21 – Install and test of the 1K ohm resistor in the driver. With the resistor installed the diode can reach power levels of 10mw. Next is to research and order optics to focus the now intensified beam.
Oct 25 – Met in LB 274, updating documents and discussing the next step and delegating tasks. 
Oct 27 – Met at the micaplex to diagnose the reciever. 
Nov 1 - Met at LB274, determined team assignments for test plan.
Nov 3 - Micaplex to attempt any other ways to get the reciever to work and discuss new reciever
Nov 12 - Started working on setting up the Raspis with a SSH and FTP sevrer for remote access and execution
Nov 16 - Started static tests for serial communication with the Raspis.
Nov 22 - Developed test code to experiment with the raspi Serial communication standards
Nov 29 - Micaplex - installed and verified the new reciever works, used the raspi to send some serial data to see it on the osilliscope. Ended up killing the laser driver due to unproteced wire connections.
Dec 1 - Micaplex - Tried the secondary laser driver, was told working, discovered it was also burntout as from the previous year. Need to order new diodes and laser drivers. 
Dec 6 - Micaplex - Met with customer, Dr. Rojas, to put in new part order and the future of the project.
Dec 7 - Worked on presentation
Dec 8 - Class Room - Final presentation.
Dec 30 - Worked on programming, Capable of Image transfer over Serial
Jan 17 - Met in the classroom and discussed what our sprint goals are
Jan 19 - Test our components and discovered that the diode cable was damaged
Jan 24 - Met in the classroom to discuss new and old buisness
Jan 26 - Discord meeting to discussand delegate the tasks for the power/signal PCB
Jan 31 - Met in the classroom to discuss new and old buisness
Feb 2 - Simulated power systems, Raspi serial output -> inverter -> voltage divider -> voltage follower op amp -> laser driver. 
Feb 7 - Sprint 4 presentation. 
Feb 9 - Implemented new ESD cable for the diode, driver/laser combo works, progress can continue.
Feb 14 - Met with group in class room, finalized power and signal circuits, parts list soon?
Feb 16 - Virtual meeting with the group to split into smaller teams to work on subtasks in parallel, since the main structure of the project (laser diode/driver and reciever) are operational.

Dominic Steiner's section:

Sep-16 - Met with Dr. Rojas and was given orientation of lab and project state 
Sep-22 - Did inventory of supplies and used a lens to extend range of laser and find alignment with receiver 
Sep-27 -Researched different lenses that can be used for extending laser range 
Oct-4 - Worked on SDS document updating current goals and supply needs 
Oct-6 - Worked in lab to find the restraint in system preventing proper power output 
Oct-13 - Presented sprint 1 results to class 
Oct-24 - Spoke with grad student about possible receiver options 
Oct-27 – Researched new receivers to replace the current malfunctioning one 
Nov-2 – Updated and submitted test plan 
Nov-3 – Researched lens kits and possible diode substitutes 
Nov-8 – Worked on SDS document 
Nov 15 - Worked on Sprint 2 Presentation 
Nov 17 - Presented for Sprint 2 progress 
Nov 29 - Created new laser setup and tested lenses with new receiver 
Dec 1 - Set up backup laser driver and tested system 
Dec 6 – Met with Dr. Rojas to put in new part order and tested diodes 
Dec 7 – Worked on test plan and presentation 
Dec 8 – Presented Sprint 3 progress 


Jarrod Siglin's section:

16SEP - Met w/ Dr. Rojas for customer specifications
20SEP - Met in Micaplex, looked over previous team's SRS/SDS and began outline of SDS/SRS v1
27SEP - Began adding contributions to SRS/SDS documents
06OCT - Met with PhD students; determined goals for future Sprints.
12OCT - Created outline for Sprint 1 presentation, contributed to introduction section
13OCT - Presented Sprint 1 in class
21OCT - Met in Micaplex, installed 1k-ohm resistor to laster driver assembly, determined focal distance of lens, determined need for new focusing lens
27OCT - Met in Micaplex w/ PhD student to determine reason behind issues detecting provided laser
01NOV - Met in LB274, team made assignments for first version of Test Plan Document
02NOV - Contributed to Test Plan V1
03NOV - Met in Micaplex to work on Sprint 2 items
16NOV - Worked on Sprint 2 Presentation
29NOV - Micaplex meeting to work with new reciever; installed new lenses for project setup
06DEC - Continued work with new reciever and lenses. Team met with project customer in Micaplex.
08DEC - Final Sprint Presentation performed with team.
17JAN - Class meeting to go over goals and progress from last semester
19JAN - Micaplex meeting to work on project. Discovered broken components

Matthew Simms' section:

Sept 15. We discussed with Dr Akbas about our initial backlog and product vision. Our main priorities are to get lab access and read Zhou Banga documents. 
Sept 16. Had a meeting with Dr. Rojas and visited the lab with the equipment. 
Sept 20. Met in class, looked over datasheets, and optical devices such as drivers. 
Sept 22. Met in the micaplex, tested different spacings of a lens to focus our laser. 
Sept 27. Met in class, started the SRS document, and I am solving equation while comparing what our equipment can safely handle. 
Sept 29. Met to discuss SRS and SDS documents 
October 6. Met with PHD student on the project to discuss roles. Discussed what route we should go and what components had the highest priority. 
October 11. Researched different drivers and receivers for our diode.  
October 12. Had a virtual meeting to finish up powerpoint. 
October 13. Presented to class about the project and Sprint 1. 
October 24. Decided to meet with PHD student this week. 
October 27. Met with PHD student and researched more receivers. 
November 2. Brainstormed and discussed our test plan  
November 3. Researched lens kits and possible diode substitutes 
November 8. Worked on SRS document 
November 15. Collaborated with team to set up a powerpoint 
November 17. Presented for Sprint 2 progress 
November 22. Discussed what needed to have priority for sprint 3 and what steps to take to accomplish that 
November 23-25. Thanksgiving break 
November 29. Repositioned laser stands and set up a test for ensuring laser transmission 
December 1. Set up backup laser driver 
December 6. Tested our laser diode with a constant power laser driver
December 8. Presented our final sprint for this semester
December 21. Set up new components but did not have a chance to test
January 17. Met together and discussed what our sprint goals are
January 19. Test our components and discovered that the diode cable was damaged.
January 24. Met to discuss power system design and sprint goals. 
January 26. Discord meeting to discussand delegate the tasks for the power/signal PCB
January 31. Confirmed designs and specs of power system 
February 2. Installed cable and recorded results 
February 7. Presented for sprint 4 
February 9. Swapped out resistor to 1k ohms and tested circuit 
February 14. Discussed sprint 5 goals and backlog
February 16. Divided into teams to record data and work on separate systems 
February 21. Met with group to work on documents and Github
